This is the initial proof of concept for a twitter command line tool.  Now that I understand the problem, I am currently in the process of writing a more robust implementation.

== Getting Started

1. Install Tweetline at the command prompt if you haven't yet:

    gem install tweetline

2. Until Twitter approves xAuth for Tweetline, you will have to create a ~/.tweetlinerc yaml file with your authentication credentials like the following...

    :consumer_key: "your-key"
    :consumer_secret: "your-secret"
    :oauth_token: "your-token"
    :oauth_token_secret: "your-secret"

3. Enter commands with tl:

tl ls

ESV Daily Verse (@esvdaily) [04:46 AM]

A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity. http://esv.to/Pr17.17 (54842265859915777)

DHH (@dhh) [04/02/11 11:43 AM]

I've tried many answers for "what do you get out of working on open source?", but the truth is the act of creation is its own reward. (54222543829213184)

== Tasks

  tl cat [ID]                # Display the details of a tweet with responses based on twitter id or piped in tweets.
  tl follow [SCREEN_NAME]    # Follows the twitter user based on their screen name or piped in tweets.
  tl help [TASK]             # Describe available tasks or one specific task
  tl json                    # Lists tweets from the timeline in JSON format.
  tl ls [SCREEN_NAME]        # Lists tweets from the timeline.
  tl retweet [ID]            # Retweets the tweet by the Twitter id or a group of piped in tweets.
  tl rm [ID]                 # Removes the tweet by it's id or a list of piped in tweets.
  tl say                     # Speaks the tweet at the top of your timeline.
  tl unfollow [SCREEN_NAME]  # Unfollows the twitter user based on their screen name or piped in tweets.
  tl update STATUS           # Updates your current Twitter status.
  tl yaml                    # Lists tweets from the timeline in YAML format.
